draft of release process (#608)
drand/drand: RELEASE.md

# Release Process

This document describes the process for a public drand release.

> ## Major / Minor release Process

Reviewer: Add bugfix release process after this section?

> ## Major / Minor release Process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Major / Minor Releases
```

> * A release is initiated by creating a protected release branch 'release-va.b' marking the minor release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A release is initiated by creating a protected release branch `release-va.b` marking the major/minor release.
```

> * Once this branch is created, protected, and pushed, a signed tag should be created to indicate the first release candidate candidate 'va.b.0-rc1'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Once this branch is created, protected, and pushed, a signed tag should be created to indicate the first release candidate `va.b.0-rc1`
```

> * This tag will be turned by the `go-releaser` CI action into a release candidate on github, and will notify anyone who is watching releases of the new action.

Reviewer: Can we have a step before this to create release notes, which enumerate the breaking changes (at minimum) but also new features and bugfixes? These notes need to be pasted into the release candidate created here.

> * A minimum 1 week 'soak time' should follow a release candidate release before the first non-release-candidate `va.b.c` tag is pushed to create a full release on the new branch.

Reviewer: In the future, we should add a step here to create a blog post for _major and minor_ releases on `drand/website` (when it's launched).
